After Anna took CS400 in UW, she found something strange about her cat named Root. Sometimes when she plans to program, her cat just concentrate on the screen. One day when Anna tried to finish her homework, she was surprised! 

The cat put its paw on the keyboard and had typed in a "}" in the correct position to solve Anna struggle to compile this program. Anna wondered if the cat had known how to code, so she decided to leave the cat with her computer 
for a while. She took a hour long break, and she decided to check in on her computer. She had found a whole inner class written for her project! She couldn't believe it! She decided to let her cat do the assignments for next week 
also. However, Anna soon will realize that this isn't a good idea. 
Little did Anna know, her cat was a part of a Computer Science cat Revolution! Cats around the world were planning on programming a mysterious project in order to make cats the rulers of the world. Anna looked at the supposed projects her cat was suppose to complete. She thought to herself: "I don't remember the assignments looking like this." Anna soon put the pieces of puzzle together together. She needed to do something to stop the Computer Science Cat Revolution!

Ann then locked her cat in the cage and started writing a long email to the world biggest anti-caterrorism organization.
She was so concentrated that she failed to notice that her cat cracked the lock and went to the kitchen. When she finally smells the scent of gas, it was too late. The only thing she could remember was a massive explosion and heat and fire. But somehow Ann survived, and she was then determined to stop that cats no matter what she had to do.
 
Anna is not alone. People all over the world find their cats doing strange things. But it is too late to stop anything. Cats have already built a rocket! "Thank you humans, and goodbye." With the message appeared on cat language translator, all the cats left the earth to the cat planet that day.
The end.
